src/views/docs/core/TablesView/template.md, before:

# Tables
Documentation and examples for opt-in styling of tables with Inkline. { .lead }

## Basic Table
Using the most basic table markup, here’s how tables look in Inkline. All table styles are inherited in Inkline, meaning any nested tables will be styled in the same manner as the parent.

<table class="table">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

~~~html
<table class="table">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
~~~


## Bordered Table
Add `.-bordered` for borders on all sides of the table and table cells.

<table class="table -bordered">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

~~~html
<table class="table -bordered">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
~~~


## Striped Table
Add `.-striped` to add zebra-striping to any table row within the table body.

<table class="table -striped">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

~~~html
<table class="table -striped">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
~~~


## Hoverable Table
Add `.-hover` to enable a hover state on table rows within a `<tbody>`.

<table class="table -hover">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

~~~html
<table class="table -hover">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
~~~

## Responsive Table
Enabled responsiveness by adding `.-responsive`. Responsive tables scroll horizontally on small devices. When viewing on anything larger, you will not see any difference in these tables.

You can target specific responsive breakpoints using `.-responsive-*`.

<table class="table -responsive">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

~~~html
<table class="table -responsive">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
~~~


## Themes
Tables can be themed using brand modifier classes such as `.-light`, `.-dark`, `.-primary`, `.-secondary`, `.-info`, `.-success`, `.-warning`, and `.-danger`. You can theme the table as a whole or individual table elements. By default, tables have the `.-light` theme. You can use a variation of any of the above classes to create the table design you need.

<table class="table -light -bordered -striped -hoverable">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<table class="table -dark -bordered -striped -hoverable">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<table class="table -primary -bordered -striped -hoverable">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<table class="table -secondary -bordered -striped -hoverable">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<table class="table -info -bordered -striped -hoverable">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<table class="table -success -bordered -striped -hoverable">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<table class="table -warning -bordered -striped -hoverable">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<table class="table -danger -bordered -striped -hoverable">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

~~~html
<table class="table -light"> .. </table>
<table class="table -dark"> .. </table>
<table class="table -primary"> .. </table>
<table class="table -secondary"> .. </table>
<table class="table -info"> .. </table>
<table class="table -success"> .. </table>
<table class="table -warning"> .. </table>
<table class="table -danger"> .. </table>
~~~

Commit message:

Updated theme word to variant.

src/views/docs/core/TablesView/template.md, after:

# Tables
Documentation and examples for opt-in styling of tables with Inkline. { .lead }

## Basic Table
Using the most basic table markup, here’s how tables look in Inkline. All table styles are inherited in Inkline, meaning any nested tables will be styled in the same manner as the parent.

<table class="table">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

~~~html
<table class="table">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
~~~


## Bordered Table
Add `.-bordered` for borders on all sides of the table and table cells.

<table class="table -bordered">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

~~~html
<table class="table -bordered">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
~~~


## Striped Table
Add `.-striped` to add zebra-striping to any table row within the table body.

<table class="table -striped">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

~~~html
<table class="table -striped">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
~~~


## Hoverable Table
Add `.-hover` to enable a hover state on table rows within a `<tbody>`.

<table class="table -hover">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

~~~html
<table class="table -hover">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">#</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
~~~

## Responsive Table
Enabled responsiveness by adding `.-responsive`. Responsive tables scroll horizontally on small devices. When viewing on anything larger, you will not see any difference in these tables.

You can target specific responsive breakpoints using `.-responsive-*`.

<table class="table -responsive">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

~~~html
<table class="table -responsive">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
      <th>Table Heading</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
      <td>Table Cell</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
~~~


## Variants
Tables can be themed using brand modifier classes such as `.-light`, `.-dark`, `.-primary`, `.-secondary`, `.-info`, `.-success`, `.-warning`, and `.-danger`. You can set a variant for the table as a whole or individual table elements. By default, tables have the `.-light` variant. You can use a variation of any of the above classes to create the table design you need.

<table class="table -light -bordered -striped -hoverable">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<table class="table -dark -bordered -striped -hoverable">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<table class="table -primary -bordered -striped -hoverable">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<table class="table -secondary -bordered -striped -hoverable">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<table class="table -info -bordered -striped -hoverable">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<table class="table -success -bordered -striped -hoverable">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<table class="table -warning -bordered -striped -hoverable">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<table class="table -danger -bordered -striped -hoverable">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th># </th>
      <th>First Name</th>
      <th>Last Name</th>
      <th>Username</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">1</th>
      <td>Alex</td>
      <td>Grozav</td>
      <td>@alexgrozav</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">2</th>
      <td>John</td>
      <td>Doe</td>
      <td>@johndoe</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Alice</td>
      <td>Cooper</td>
      <td>@alicecooper</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

~~~html
<table class="table -light"> .. </table>
<table class="table -dark"> .. </table>
<table class="table -primary"> .. </table>
<table class="table -secondary"> .. </table>
<table class="table -info"> .. </table>
<table class="table -success"> .. </table>
<table class="table -warning"> .. </table>
<table class="table -danger"> .. </table>
~~~
