pages/docs/forms/validation/installation.md, before:

# Form Validation
Inkline provides you with powerful form validation utilities. { .lead }

### Installation
First, install Inkline Form Validation using your favorite package manager and get access to the latest source code and compiled JavaScript. 

You can install <a href="https://github.com/inkline/validation" target="_blank">Inkline Form Validation</a> using one of the following package managers:

**Install using `npm`:**

~~~css
npm install --save @inkline/validation
~~~

**Install using `yarn`:**

~~~css
yarn add @inkline/validation
~~~

**Install using `composer`:**

~~~css
composer require inkline/validation
~~~

### Usage

Next, we import and register the script files. If you already have your Webpack configuration ready for Vue, importing the framework is as simple as:

~~~js
import Vue from 'vue';
import InklineValidation from '@inkline/validation';

Vue.use(InklineValidation);
~~~

This will make `Vue.prototype.$form` available, which will be used to create form schemas readable by Inkline's form components.

Commit message:

Updated form validation installation docs.

pages/docs/forms/validation/installation.md, after:

# Form Validation
Inkline provides you with powerful form validation utilities. { .lead }

The Form Validation package allows you to define a form schema which you will bind to your form components. 

Behind the scenes, the validation utility will validate values using the set of rules you define, handle the displaying of error messages and provide you with useful `valid`, `invalid`, `touched`, `untouched`, `dirty` and `pristine` statuses.

### Usage

The validation package comes alongside Inkline, but it is opt-in by default. To add it, simply import and use the validation script:

~~~js
import Vue from 'vue';
import InklineValidation from '@inkline/inkline/dist/validation';

Vue.use(InklineValidation);
~~~

This will make `Vue.prototype.$form` available, which will be used to create form schemas readable by Inkline's form components. The form prototype will be accessible as `this.$form` inside components and will be used to create the foundation for form validation schemas.

### CDN

If you're not using using package managers and build systems and you want to add Inkline Validation to your project, you can import the compiled files from CDN:

~~~html
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@inkline/inkline/dist/validation.js"></script>
~~~
